Version Packages (#35)
team-plain/typescript-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# @team-plain/typescript-sdk

## 2.1.0

### Minor Changes

> - f55d303: Add support for creating attachment upload urls via the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- f55d303: Add support for creating attachment upload urls for use with custom timeline entries, emails and chat
```
